Title: For a new generation of innovators in Berlin

----

Date: 25.03.2014

----

Author: Linda Guddat

----

Text: The international think-tank 2020PLUS brings together 22 May 2014, representatives from business, politics and the third sector in the capital. Inspiring Short presentations to enable participants to demonstrate ways in which they can help shape the future of Berlin as a proactive decision makers and managers.

##Thematically, the following focus is on the base:
How Generation Y are addressed and incorporated into the forming shaping the city and the respective sectors? It also challenges the taken 18- to 30-year-olds under the microscope, such as, the struggle for education, jobs and affordable housing as well as the tensions arising from demographic change.

Future researchers and keynote speaker Mal Fletcher will speak in two subject areas including through the enormous potential of the city of Berlin for the implementation of entrepreneurial projects and social innovation in the public sector.

"To identify challenges for future growth and exchange with the next generation, is particularly significant for Berlin, as the city's population is significantly aging over the next ten years and there are already noticeable tensions between Gen Y and today's decision-makers" , the 2020PLUS Chairman Mal Fletcher. "We need to address as we find ways to incorporate these highly qualified generation and continues to bring innovative businessmen in the city that now. A vision for Berlin could be a society in which each and everyone - regardless of age -. Is valued and can develop their own potential "

In the next ten years, Berlin is always had to face the question of how to motivate under-30s to live long term in the capital. Together with the Berlin-based think-tank Futureminded Group would like Mal Fletcher of 2020PLUS with the event serve "as a catalyst for innovation, creativity and confidence in public space and stimulate the development of an innovative management culture in the German capital. This is to give entrepreneurs help to discover new skills. Similarly, urban planners and thinkers are encouraged to discourse, such as the quality of life of future residents can be improved. The decisive factor is the integration of the growing third sector of voluntary work. "

The 2020PLUS Berlin event is part of an international series of events in strategic cities in Europe, South Africa and Australia, and provides multipliers from politics, education, economics, science and other areas of opportunity to network and boost through new alliances a future-oriented dialogue.

##About Mal Fletcher:
Pulse Speaker Mal Fletcher regularly commented social issues in the European media and the press, including BBC TV and radio. At conferences, he focuses on the impact of social change on businesses and communities around the world.

##The event:
The 2020PLUS event will take place on May 22 in AMANO Rooftop Conference Centre, Rosenthaler Strasse 63, 10119 Berlin, 9-12 clock instead (with breakfast). More information can be found on the website http://www.future-minded.de/2020plus/ or http://2020plus.net/Berlin .

##About Futureminded Group:
Futureminded Group (www.future-minded.de) was established in 2013 is a Berlin-based think-tank, the research and analysis on current and future challenges of Berlin combined with concrete projects to promote positive social change. Here, the think-tank focused on how social entrepreneurship and innovative business and organizational leadership can be applied in different sectors of society in order to enhance the common good. Among the projects the Futureminded Group include - transformed coordination of voluntary work in needy day care centers, retirement homes, transitional residence halls and community centers as well as the fashion project REDCo that old materials for a social purpose in fashion products - as part of the City Kindness partnerships.. Other projects are visible on the site. The team of think tanks consists of 13 researchers, project and event managers with different professional and cultural backgrounds.

##Contact:
Linda Guddat
Press Officer and Project Manager 2020PLUS Berlin
tel: +49 (0) 176 70296463
email: linda@futureminded.de


(link:# text: Download the press release) dated March 26, 2014 as a PDF.

----